Name the artist who made Dream Dancing and is often associated with Joe Pass?
List common systems are developed by of the Google Videos and written by of the Google Web Toolkit ?
Who is the office holder with deputies as Neil Brown and Andrew Peacock?
Who created the Women in the Garden and also the L'Enfant a la tasse ?
Which television show 's producer is Stephen E. Ambrose and written by Erik Jendresen?
Which architect of Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay was also tenant of New Sanno hotel /'
Which famous horserace has seen both Fergie sutherland and the illustrious War of Attrition?
In which state is the Channel district?
Whose network's parent organisation is Comcast?
What is the almamater of the president whose vice president was Enrique Jos Varona?
Whichlocation city of the Denver Broncos is the palce of birth of Steven Clark Cunningham ?
What is the military branch of the William French Smith which is also the branch of Pierre R. Graham ?
What is the river whose source is Lake Ontario?
What is the religion of the person who founded the Emel magazine?
Who owns the newspaper which was founded by Nehru?
What is the birth place of the astronaut whose mission was the Vostok programmer?
Where did Whitney Wistert debut?
What is the major shrine of the monarchs whose successor is Dragimir of Travunia and Zachlumia?
What is the river whose mouth locations are Arctic Ocean and Laptev Sea?
What are some wars fought when Chung Il Kwon as the country's prime minister?
Where was the person born who died in Bryn Mawr Hospital?
What is the faith of the Ajith Perera and religious affiliation of the Neungin High School?
What place did Edwin Adams die at, which gave birth to William A Purtell?
Greater Napanee is the home town of what people?
Name the rivers who originate from Essex?
Which designer of RENFE also owns Renaissance Center ?
Companies founded in Taiwan have typically which divisions?
What is the owning organisation of the Ford Kansas City Assembly Plant and also the builder of the Ford Y-block engine?
what has been developed by John Fanning?
Who wrote the musical whose composer is Emil Dean Zoghby?
Who is  related to Kelly Osbourne & Ozzy Osbourne?
Which serving railway line of the Daund Junction railway station was also the place where 99 (2009 film) was recorded ?
List the ethnicity of Riley Reid?
 Giuseppe Bertello and Pietro Parolin are leaders of which place ?
What are the houses of the legislature where the leader is called Pullaiahgaripalli ?
What is the university whose campus is Mount Moosilauke?
Who are the shareholder of the soccer club for whom Steve Holland plays?
Which city located on Mediterranean Sea is also the stadium of Panionios G.S.S. season ?
Through which cities do the rivers starting at the Montauk State Park flow?
Among the companies who has product named Chinook who has a key person as Dennis Muilenburg ?
Name the garrison of the Western Naval Command and line of the Vadodara Junction railway station ?
Which country's leader  is Giuseppe Bertello?
Who wrote the subsequent work of One Day at a Time (Em's Version) ?
Which architect of the Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay is the branch of the Burnet R. Maybank?
To which american football teams does the Heinz Field serve as home stadium?
Name the fictional character whose voice's animator is Hardie Gramatky?
What is a common ingredient used in boyt Blodpalt and Kaszanka ?
How many other battles have the military person fought whose one of the battles is World War II ?
How did the child of Stevens T. Mason die?
List out the people who are related to the relatives of Jared Kushner ?
Which television show's developer is Brian Graden and voices to the character is by Isaac Hayes?
What is the nickname of the home stadium of Angels Toru?
List all the doctoral student of the scientist who has advised john Bowlby ?
What religions do diplomats typically follow?
To which series does the book belong which came after the Blade Runner 2?
Name the river with source as Shannon Pot and its mouth is located in Limerick?
Guggenheim family is the cofounder of a company that invested stocks in which baseball teams?
Which ethinicity of  Riley Reid is the state of origin of Holmes Colbert?
In which city of Pittsburg Steelers was the Congress of Inductrial Organization founded ?
What is the hometown of the residents of Martha's vineyards?
What city has the football team in which Lee Robinson debuted?
Which companies were behind the renovation of McKechnie Field ?
List the sports of PATTS College of Aeronautics which are of interest of Jon Speelman ?
In which country does the publishing house exist which was cofounded by Panos Loannides?
Which american football team  has stadium as O.co Coliseum?
Who was the coach of marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team-2012,13 season ?
What is the home stadium of the club coached by Justine Omojong?
Which show's theme music was composed by Primus and voiced by Isaac Hayes?
Name a queen whose parent is Ptolemy XII Auletes and consort is Ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator?
Who is the chancellor of the university whose campus is in Woodlane, New Jersey ?
List the developers who has contributed to both GNOWSYS and GNU TeXmacs ?
Name the mountain whose parent peak is located in Mexico.
Whose mayors are affiliated with Christen-Democratisch en Vlaams?
What awards have been given to race horses bred by Bert Michell?
Name the directors of Lennon Legend: The Very Best of John Lennon (DVD) ?
Name the source of Raa ?
Where does the river begin whose left tributary is Krapanski Potok?
What is the common nationality of Viveka Babajee anad Ronny Vencatachellum ?
What sports can be played in Kharghar's schools
In all the places with a stagecoach, where is a Peetz Table Wind Energy Center located too?
Name the fictional character whose relatives are Huey, Dewey, and Louie and is of species American Pekin duck?
In which country is Sierra del Merendin?
Who is the owner of the website which has the label Seed Eight ?
Who is the person that first ascented the Cathedral Peak and Mount Hoffmann?
What river is it whose source is Dowra?
What is on the border of the places which fall under crook county municipality, oregon?
Which composer of Motorpsycho Nitemare has also composed The time are A-Changing ?
What is the religion of the president who won the Mongolian legislative election, 2004 ?
What is the municipality of Homestead Grays Bridge ?
What religion do the politicians follow, who graduated from the Yokkohama Nationaal University?
What is the area of the Tar Heel Sports Network which is  official residence of the Michael Nichols (photographer) ?
Cologny and Lancy are the neighboring municipalities of which place ?
Which interest of Philip Novak is the relegion of Vesak ?
Where was the predecessor of Sevan Ross born?
What are the central characters in spy kids series?
Where is the school which is the rival of Somerset Berkley Regional High?
Name the common alma mater of the Henry Morton Dexter and Jack McGregor
What are some companies which are founded in Dallas Jurisdiction?
What is used as money for French Southern and Antarctic Lands is also the  product of the Karafarin Bank ?
Who operates twin Cities 400 ?
What is the city of the Maine School of Science and Mathematics is also the resting place of Charles A. Boutelle ?
Who is the president of Carl Stokes nad Wyche Fowler ?
What are the musicals whose musicians worked under Sony Music Entertainment?
Whose shrines are in a place governed by Justin Trudeau?
What are the academic interests of the past members of Senser?
Name the constituency of Jonas Gahr where Sverre Krogh was born ?
What is the common battle fought by Stephen Urban and Ali Habib Mahmud ?
What is the military conflict whose commanders are John McEwen and Phm Vn ng?
Name the tv show with judges Randy Jackson and Jennifer Lopez?
Which party has come in power in Mumbai North?
Which royalty was married to ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator and had mother named Cleopatra V ?
Who built the stadium which was rented by Costa Rica national football team?
Which administrative headquarters of the Pulau Ubin is also the resting place of the Nicole Lai
What is the largest city of the country which hosted the 1951 Asian Games?
What is the serving railway line of Warwick railway station, Perth ?
In which country does the Auckland rugby union team play  ?
Where was the engineer born who manufactured EP R.E.P. 1?
Which battles were fought under the president when Chung Won Shik was the prime minister?
Which notable series of Russell T Davies is also the series of Short Trips: A day in the life ?
Which office holder's resting place is in  Palo Alto, California and was succeeded by Adrian A. Basora ?
Which cloud platform of Google cloud connect also provides services to 21Vianet ?
Count the number of families of the Animal kingdom.
What is the political party of the person succeeded by A.K. Singh?
Who is the head coach of the teams in Middlesbrough FC?
Name the loocation of Lekh Castle which is also the location of SamurAbsheron channel ?
Name the movie who has screenplay by Akiva Goldsman and is edited by Mark Stevens ?
List some musicians associated with famous guitar players?
Name the office holder whose constituency is Haight-Ashbury?
People in the royal Thai army follow which religion?
The players born in Bellaire, Ohio have played for which team?
Which company's cars are assembled in Colombia?
What is the mascot of the rival school of Sullivan Central High?
What award has been awarded to both Dion Beebe and Charles LeMaire?
What is the party of the politicians whose children is Sanjay Gandhi ?
What religion do the Wickramabahu Centeral College and Neungin High School both follow?
List the people who were born in Gelnhausen and graduated from Pepperdine University?
Name the tenants of MAsterCard center wich is also the draft team of Antoine Bibeau?
Who founded the Not on our Watch NGO?
What is the name of the artist which worked on the subsequent work of Ella Loves Cole ?
What state was Cyrus Mann born in, and has the famous Downriver ?
Who is a religious figure titled superior general?
Name the children of the person who is the star of The Weathered Underground ?
Which owner of Chelsea F.C also owns Evraz ?
Name the office holder with associate as Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus and has a kid named Augustus?
Who is the writer of mark twain Tonight ?
What are some famous veterinary physicians known for?
What city was recorded in Live in detroit which is also the official residence of ken Holland ?
What are some relatives of armymen who died in Germany?
Deion sanders and Hinkey haines debuted their career with which common team?
Name the river which flows through the closest city of Mount Raimer ?
Which garrison of East Indies Station is also the route end of Mumbai Vadodara Express ?
What is the mascot of the handball teams in the Turkish Handball Super League?
Who is the producer of the device which is the operating system of Now TV  ?
What is the base currency of the country which operates the Marion Dufresne?
What is the region served by the governor of Stephen L.R. McNichols ?
Who operates Liverpool Playhouse ?
Who has composed songs produced by Terry Melcher?
To which series does Lost special belong to ?
How many albums did the maker of The Band produce?
List few musical artist whose notable instruments are Ludwig Drums and  Remo?
Organization holding stocks of  Galician and German wikipedias?
How many rivers start in an English speaking country?
For a position in which institution were both Jack Ryan and Robert sarvis both appointed?
Which rivers have source origins asnorth western, Zambia ?
Where Everybody knows you is the theme album of which show ?
Food in which countries has shallot in it?
Name the river with Readin, Brekshire in its path and mouth place is Sothend-on-sea ?
Alexander Magleby, a rugby player is alma mater to which university?
What sport played at Islamic azad uni employes Craig Van Tilbury?
Is Amharic the official language of Ethiopia?
What are the movies whose music composer uses a Hammond organ?
List the agencies located someplace lead by Alex Chalk.
Whihc birthpalce of Svetlana Gounkina is also the largest city of Union State ?
What religion are the characters of Absolutely Fabulous from?
Name the TV show with artist Christopher Franke and cast member Jason Carter ?
List the products of the company which published Tweenies: Game Time.
Janaka Thissakuttiarachchi follows what religion, which once employed Atisa Srijnana too?
What teams did the ex teamplayers of lighthouse boy club start their career with?
Where was the deadbody discovered of one of the alumni of General Educational Development?
Who designed the bridge in Oddamavadi?
What is the leader name of the settlements whose governing body is Municipal council?
List the companies operating in Australia?
Name the co-founder of the record labels which have one of the founder as Chris DuBois ?
How many people have worked for teams chaired by Patricia Amorim?
In which countries is coconut used as a food ingredient?
How many kinds of games can be played on the Amiga?
Is the book The Buddha and his Dhamma a book about Buddhism?
How many genres of games can I find on the commodore CDTV?
Does Jevan Snead play as Quarterback?
Give me the sitcoms where Eliza Schneider and Isaac Hayes gave voice?
Who edited  British Gazette ?
List the things for which the relatives of Mrunalini Kunte are known?
List the debut team of the baseball player who born in Houston.
Directors of which movies are buried in Ronda?
Does Cascade Airways have a hub in Seattle?
What acts and artists are associated with people who have worked with Divertis?
What are the notableworks of Russell T Davies?
Who all have developed softwares for Unix Like OSes?
What are some party leaders of the parties which have had a seat in Berlin?
List sports managers who managed Middlesbrough F.C. and England national under-21 football team?
List the director of The Adventures of mimi ?
Which tenant of New Sanno Hotel is the military branch of the Gary Holder-Winfield ?
Was James maker in the band Noko?
Was Nick Jonas a member of the Jonas Brothers?
Which key perosn of the Elders is also the president of united World College ?
Name all the soccer players who played in a under 18 club for La Liga?
Who are the players whose current clubs have Ferran Soriano as chairman?
What are some parties which have people from Mangalore as a member?
Which employer of Michael M. Sears is also the producer of Delta III ?
Name the largest city in the county where there is a Cy-Fair High School.
To which country does Peter Blay owe his allegiance?
How many bacterias are there whose division is Firmicutes?
Is jim harbaugh currently in the Michigan Wolverines?
Name the television show whose subsequent work is Crusade and Composer is Stewart Copeland?
What are the current music bands of Chester Bennington?
Who was the prime minister under which the predecessor of Derick Heathcoat Amory served?
Which person designed the cars which has been designed by ASC Creative Services?
What are some orthonychidae birds?
How many awards have been given to the founder of Grameen Bank?
Which driver had the pole position in 1994 Spanish Grand Prix ?
Was Queen Latifah in the U.N.I.T.Y. group?
Count the number of important works done by the writers of The Second Coming?
Who all are known to play the Gibson Guitar Corporation?
What are the things whose mascots are from the class Eutheria?
For whom did Michael Springer palyed for which is also had a former student named Donald Brooks ?
Which child of Jack Ferguson became a Prime Minister?
Name the movie written by Monty Python and distributed by Cinema International Corporation ?
Name the common nationality of Georgina Theodora Wood and akwasi Oppong Fosu ?
Is Pittsburgh Steelers the former team of Marv McFadden?
In which city can I find both the office of Elasticsearch and the Yellow Claw DJ?
Who is married to Gerard Piqu?
Which sports are played in schools affiliated with the Harvest Christian Center?
What are the nicknames given to the characters of The Wolves of the Mercy Falls?
Who debuted their career in a team coached by Chip Kelly?
Name the partners of Kelly Brook?
Name the river with source country in Zambia and source region as North-Western Province, Zambia?
What is the area of the broadcast network which has the affiliation with 9TV?
Who is the maker of the engine of Ford F-Series first generation ?
The president who was in office when Lee Hyun Jae was the PM followed which religion?
What is the birthplace of Adugna Deyas and the place where Fiq is located?
what is the headquarters of Juan Dalmau Ramerez?
Name the office holder with successor as Adrian A Basora and child as Lori Black ?
What is the colour of Xocolatlite ?
Who is the owner of the South end ?
For how many other teams have the members of Atlant Moscow Oblast played?
What is the state of origin of the president whose alma mater is Hellenic Naval Academy ?
What is the common ethnicity of the Maike Evers and Francisco Lachowski ?
Which senator served in military units VMF-155 and VMF-218?
In which places do companies founded in Newcastle operate?
What kind of games are made by Interplay Entertainment?
Which producer of Purvis Eureka engine is also the owner of Ford Theatre ?
What developed EMMS?
Which music band made Take Me There, and to which Tedd Riley was associated?
How many fictional characters are there in a series in which Craig Robinson acted?
Which political party of Chandra Shekhar is also the political party of Datl Satyanarayana Raju ?
In which time zone is Pong Pha?
Who owns the airport in Paphos?
Which bacteria's taxonomic class is Bacilli?
What is the baseball team whose club manager is Chip Hale?
What honours did Reigh Count receive?
What are some products of the the company whose subsidiary is Sony Corp shareholders and subsidies?
Name the local authority of Trinity School, Brentwood ?
Who built the stadiums where 2014 FIFA under 17 woman's world cup took place?
Which area operataed by the South Side Elevated Railroad is also the palce of death of the Sakari Suzuki ?
Name the president of Wyche Fowler ?
In which fields have people born in Lausanne worked?
Name a show hosted by Brian Dunkleman and judged by Harry Connick, Jr.?
Which ppolitical party of Yashpal Kapur is also the owner of National Herald ?
Which Texas based company  was founded by Jim Harris ?
List the people with final resting place as Plymouth, Vermont and has Samuel W. McCall as predecessor?
What stadium's operator is Stan Kroenke
Whose commanders are John Mc Ewen and Park Chunghee?
What disease led to the demise of Letitia MacTavish Hargrave and Martino Martini ?
Who gave guest appearances on the show which is the next episode after the Bombshell one?
What is manufactured by a company headed by Kazuo Hirai?
What are the binomial authority of Menetries's warbler?
In which of the parties that have governed over Rishikesh, does Govinda belong too?
Which university with athletics department in NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision has nickname Tulane Green Wave ?
What awards are won by the screenwriter of Lucky You?
Where did Georges Wolinski and Judson Huss die/
What is the appliance which uses the central processing unit manufactured by Marvell Technology Group?
What are the common houses of US Congress and the Kansas Legislature?
Who did their highschool from a school whose mascot was a fighting tiger?
Name the television show where Mona Marshall has given voice and is distributed by Comedy Central?
What is Naval Support Activity Naples a part of?
Who has allegiance is Colony of Virginia and buried in Montpelier?
What is the sovereign state of the Dafydd Benfras where Jasmine Lowson is also citizen of ?
Which universities are also known as the Tulane Green wave?
Name the company whose key person is Raymond Conner and produces Boeing CH-47 Chinook?
Who composed the episode after which came Butter's Very own Episode?
List the services provided by the company which provides Microsoft azure as one of the service ?
List the software developed by Shawn Fanning ?
name the region served by Jerusalem Institue of Justice which was also the conflict region in GazaIsrael ?
What are the other notable work of the executive producer of The Runaway Bride episode of Doctor Who?
What is the branch of the politicians whose governor is Bill Clements?
What type of engines are utilised by Purvis Eureka?
In which city was the film star of Singhasan Battisi born ?
Who were involved in the wars where Jonathan Haskell battled?
Who edited Easy street ?
What are the reason served by Toll Global Express which is also the country of LPGA ?
What is the stylistic origin of the music genres where the Bass guitar is important?
Name the office holder whose final resting place is North Bend and was part of Siege of fort recovery conflict ?
List the territory of Tonkin Campaign ?
For which teams did Ryan Powell play for?
What are the awards won by the person who wrote the screen play for Lost in Rio ?
Name the university located in Indiana and has affiliations with Kaplan, Inc.?
From where does the river Upper Neretva start flowing?
Name the club of Julie Hastings ?
List the newspapers whose offices are situated in 1211 Avenue of the Americas?
What band made The trial and One of these days song?
Was Morrissey a member of the Smiths?
For how many PMs did the politician work, whose successor was Kingsley Wood?
What river originates in Kingston Ontario?
By what style was Providence Chapel, Charlwood made?
Did Phillippe Cabot go to Columbia for studying?
How many record labels publish works of Jazz fusion?
Which universit's affiliation is with Kalpan, Inc. and has campus at Iowa ?
How many developers have games where I can hear Lightning McQueen?
list some companies founded by Jim Harris.
Give me the total number of employer of the engineers whose one of the employer is McDonnell Aircraft ?
What are the regions in which the distributor of Secrets and Lies serves ? 
Name the river whose source mountain is Baikal Mountains and mouth location is Arctic Ocean?
Count the PhD students whose thesis are supervised by National Medal of Science winners?
List all the awards won by the artist who has won SIGGRAPH ?
Count the total number of cast member of the television shows whose actress is Joey McIntyre?
Which broadcast area of CFRX is also the palce of birth of Anthony Raymond ?
What are the settlements whose neighboring municipalities is Lancy?
In which states does the river flow whose left tributary is Toms Creek?
List all the writers of the comics which has Robert Bernstein as one of the writer ?
Count the total number  of hometown of the gymnasts whose one of the hometown in Russia ?
Count the battles fought by Raoul Magrin-Vernerey?
Which athlete was the flag bearer for Switzerland in 2004 and 2008 summer Olympics ?
Which nationalist group was responsible for foundation of Young Lords?
What award was won by the father of Angelina Jolie?
What are the software whose programming language are Multilingual?
Was Marshall Arisman the cover artist in american psycho?
Where did the war take place where one of the commander was Zuo Zongtang?
Which birthplace of Liliya Lobanova is also the location of the Snake Island ?
Count all the stateless people
Josef Bhler belongs to which political party?
In which place is the company which is known for Barbara bestor located ?
Who is the artist of Sings Kristofferson and also performed Milk Cow Blues atleast once?
What is the largest city of Pulau Ubin ?
Which owner of the national Herald india is the leader of Kumta ?
Which Paramount TV show was produced by Glen and Les Charles ?
What is a common nickname given to both Lyons Township high school and the wheaton college in massachusetts?
Where do beauty queens with brown hair reside?
Name the television show directed by Simon Fuller and judged by Jennifier Lopez ?
List the television shows one of whose distributor's divisions is Warner Bros. Animation.
Name the company founded in New Mexico and provides Outlook.com as services ?
List the producer of the television shows distributed by FremantleMedia.
Name the awards won by Elie Wiesel ?
Which tv show was preceded by The spirit of Christmas and voice to the character was given by Mona Marshall ?
What made jo garcia and merritt cabal both famous?
Under which common jurisdiction do Trinity School, Brentwood and Buckhurst Hill County High School fall?
What is telecasted on the network where Deborah Turness holds important position?
Which footballers did their high school in west Sacramento california? 
Name all the bands which have members of QDT in them.
Where was Live in Detroit, MI recorded ?
Which successor of Philippine Ports Authority is the state of origin of Ruben J. Villote ?
Which american football team is owned by Mark davis and is located in O.co Colliseum ?
The successor of Ulrich II, Count of East Frisia was born in what place?
Who is considered to be the deciding person when it comes to crustaceans from the Balanidae family?
Who is buried at the place governed by National Park Service?
Name the municipality of Roberto Clemente Bridge ?
What are some apes?
List all the notable works of  Russell T Davies?
Who is the music composer of Kenny Dies ?
Which past members of the The Conglomerate (American group) also sang Take Me There (Blackstreet & Ma song)?
Where did the office holder  who is predecessor to Marco Aurelio Robles died ?
Who is associated  with the musical artists from Africa '70 (band) and Tony Allen ?
Which serving railway line of the Daund Junction railway station is the home port of INS Viraat ?
Where is Denver Broncos located ?
Name the people whose academic advisor has also mentored the thesis of Alexius Meinong?
list the founders of Bream Bay ?
Which river flows through Hudson Highlands State park and also through Troy, New york ?
Which parties have their members live in the PM House, Colombo?
Who is the producer of album, which has the song Eclipse ?
What is the birthplace of Ludovic Boi which is also the residence of Fernando Augustin?
Who is the performer of the album whose subsequent work is Willie Nelson and Family ?
Raymond Johansen is the mayor of what city?
What region was Gloria Schaffer born in, which also contains Newington?
Which religion do the people follow, whose constituency is Jadavpur?
Which key person of Clinton Foundation is also the president of Jim Sasser ?
In which region is the rival school of Somerset, Massachusetts located?
Where did the athlete start his career, who did his highschool in Red Lion Area School District?
Name a person who works in Open Society Foundation and has wife named Susan Weber Soros ?
Who is the founder of the trade union which affiliates Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel Workers?
Is fox belong to the phylum of Chordate?
Which researchers received fellowship from Royal Society?
Which leader of United States House of Representatives was the appinter of ohn Drayton ?
Which currency can I use both in Kerguelen islands and French southern and antarctic lands?
Which fictional character sculpted by Josh Friedmann was portrayed in Terminator 3 ?
Which president of United States had vice president as John Adams?
Where was James H. Fields buried ?
What is the commander of Battle of Brownstown ?
Which rivers start from the Provinces of Zambia?
Who influenced the author of The Shooting of Dan McGrew ?
Who is the fictional character whose family member is Padme Amidala?
What is Jon Speelman famous for?
List presidents of the school whose one of the president is Charles. Prince of Wales ?
What are some movies whose distributors are led by Kevin Tsujihara?
Name the common associate band of Blayse and Teddy Riley ?
Where was Ne daj se, Nina first aired ?
Relatives of Moses used to follow which religions?
What is the name of the homeground of football team Panionios G.S.S.?
What did Steven T Mason's father die from?
Name the company which produces both  Boeing F/A-18 E/F Hornet nad CH-46 Chinook ?
Whose military units are VMF-218 and VMF-155?
What other things are provided by the producer of Office 365?
Which collaborator of Nice and Smooth wrote Same Song ?
Where did the conflict take place where Louis Briere de I'Isle was a commander?
What is the official language of Ladonia, which is the target area of Probus Journal?
In which team was the person drafted who has studied at the Worcester college, Oxford?
List the other nicknames of city which has one of the nickname as City of Angels ?
What is the district of Methodist Central Hall Westminster ?
Who owns the company that made the Edsel Villager?
What was the language of the single which came before To Know Him Is to Love Him?
What subsequent work of Moondog Matinee has the composer of Motorpsycho Nitemare ?
What are the television shows whose company is owned by Viacom?
Name the are where South side Elevated Railroad operate and has place of birth as Arthur A. Ross ?
List the places where the relatives of Mark Donaldson died ?
What are some artists on the show whose opening theme is Send It On?
What famous politician died in the Petersen House?
What is the citizenship of Saima Chowdhury?
Where did the graduates of Memphis, Tenessee continue their education?
What is the craft of the Ralph Flanders which is also the profession of  Claiborne Pell ?
Which team has had both Martin prochzka and garry unger as its players ?
What are the awards received by spouse of Ellen Lundstrom?
Who all have succeeded the kings buried in Rome?
Was andy warhol a part of Pop Art movement?
Count the number of musical work which were sold by Sony Music?
Who is the person whose home town is Fairmount, Indiana?
Name the movies directed by Stanley Kubrick and edited by Anthony Harvey?
Through which states do the rivers flow which join in the republican river from the left?
List all binomial authority of the insects whose one of the  binomial authority is douard Mntries?
What is the military unit whose command structures are United States Department of the Navy and United States Department of Defense?
List the guests of On Broadway ?
What are some other things developed by the company who made the remote desktop protocol?
Where was Al-Muzaffar Umar buried ?
Did Bob Dylan write the lyrics of the times they are a changin'?
Where did the members of judge advocate general corps study?
Name the airlines which have a hub in airport in SF?
What is the religion of the ones in the Kampuchean Union of Salvation?
who developed google videos?
Which executive producer of the ultimate merger is also an important person at Trump Productions?
What is the official name of Colorado wine ?
Who is the owner of  Latvian Wikipedia and Wiktionary ?
Who is the child of John Tyler, Sr.?
Name all those buried in a place governed by a city council.
Is Brazilian jiu-jitsu the trainer of Nick Diaz?
What royalties's sepulchre is Mausoleum of Augustus?
Name the common university of the Cardinal and Jim Wylie?
What is the automobile platform of Chiva bus ?
How many movies have a screenplay located in the States?
Name the country whose leader's deputy is Piotr Glinski?
Which ceremonial County of the East Tilbury is also the local authority of the Trinity School, Brentwood?
Whose creators are Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David?
Is Cologny a neighbouring city of Geneva?
Who are the animator of The Skeleton Dance?
Which TV show is related to The Sarah Jane Adventures and theme music is composed by  Ron Grainer?
Name the parent company of  Ford Air Transport Service ?
Which region of Bannock is the origin od Spaghetti squash ?
Where in the us military did pierre r graham and edwin f hunter work?
Count everyone who lives in a place where Indian English is an official language ?
Did Raymond Picard take birth in Paris?
Was Elton John a chairman of a Watford FC Season?
Which publisher of Lucifer's hammer is also known for Jo Garcia ?
What system is both a platform where Nord runs and also distributed The beauty inside?
Count the number of things people who know linguistics are known for ?
Which sport at Polytechnic University of the Philippines Taguig is the field of Jon speelman ?
Was Cliff Burton in Metallica?
Where were sverre krogh sundbo and havard vad petersson born?
What are some people born in NY known for?
How many religions are followed by organizations which are internationally known as the muslim brotherhood?
Where does the river flow into which begins in Lebrsnik?
Who is the developer of the software which is produced by Claris ?
What is the river whose source is Cowombat  Flat and has it's mouth located in Murray Mouth?
Which director of On deadly Ground also released Mojo Priest ?
What is the television show whose channel's parent organisation is Fox Sports?
Who commanded the invasion of Buwat and made Fatima bint Sa'd famous?
What is the band with previous members  Kevin Jonas and Joe Jonas?
What is the home ground of the clubs managed by Ciao Zanardi?
Where was Girls (The Prodigy song)  recorded ?
List the people with Scientology as their religious belief?
How many fictional characters were humans?
Does StandBy records distribute via Sony?
How many TV shows' networks are headquarterd in NY?
How many teams have rented stadiums in Canada?
List the awards won by the film director of Chicken Run?
Was Heinrich Himmler ever a commanders of Army Group Oberrhein?
Did John Byrne create Emma Frost?
List the  outflow of Lake Uniamsi?
What territory of Sino French War was the battle of Raoul Magrin-Vernerey fought ?
Name the incumbent of Linda Jenness ?
Tirana is the largest city of which country?
In which countries does the sea lie on whose shore is the city of Cumana?
From which countries are the people from who are an academic authority of the Western pygmy blue species?
Which company founded by Fusajiro Yamauchi also provides services of Nintendo eShop ?
Which companies makes cars assembled in Karachi, Pakistan?
Where is the headquarters of Sigma TV
What is the launch site of the Juno I which was also the ground of 2016 Fort Lauderdale Strikers season ?
Which scientist was advised by John Robert Woodyard?
Who has been married to both Penny Lancaster and Alana Stewart?
Count the affiliations of International Union of Anarchists?
What is the alma mater of the scientist  whose PhD advisor is Jean-Claude Latombe ?
What is the Location of the Peetz Table Wind Energy Center which is also the state of Ben Nighthorse Campbell ?
Count the water bodies that flow into the North Sea?
Who was the First Driver of 1999 San Marino Grand Prix ?
Which common prime minister did Graham Richardson and Bon McMullan serve ?
Bantam Spectra is the publisher of which series?
Which is the common past team of the Charlie Justice (American football player) and Bobby Hoppe ?
How many things are produced by companies located in Tehran?
Horses grandsired by Sundridge  have won which awards?
Whose leaders are Willem-Alexander and Fredis Refunjol?
Give me someone on the board of trinity house?
Which party won both the general electoin and the andhra pradesh election in 2004?
What is the river whose source region is North-Western Province, Zambia and river mouth is Indian Ocean?
Who was on the first team in the GPs that were held at Watkins Glen, NY?
Where is the sister station of Al Arabiya 99 located?
What ethinicity of Linda Hogan is also the state of origin of Holmes Colbert ?
What are the track and field events of Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao?
What is the baseball team whose club manager's debut team is Houston Astros?
How many cities are close to Lake Victoria?
Is greasy pop recording the distributor of festival records?
Is Sloth in the Chordate phylum?
Name the officeholder who hasa child named Augustus and has an associate named Marcus Bibulus ?
Which shareholder of Naval Air facility Adak is also the operator of New Sanno Hotel ?
What other awards have been given to Golden Globe winners?
Which allegiance of the John Kotelawala is also the  sovereign state of the Sanath Weerakoon ?
Where do the rivers starting from Zambia end?
God Defend New Zealand is the national anthem of which country?
List the television shows whose network's sister names is N-tv.
Which political party of kumta had affiliation with Indian general election, 2004 (Andhra Pradesh) 
Who was member of boards at Royal Society and Trinity House?
Where is the king buried whose predecessor was Iyasu II?
Where is the headquarters of the public transit system which owns Target Field, a Metro Transit Station  ?
In how many different places have people beatified by Pope Pius X died?
What faiths are followed by the relatives of Meadow Soprano?
who was the president under whom winston bryant served as a lieutenant?
Which parent organization of GetTV is also the label of next thing ?
On what subjects was Broca's Brain written?
Which teams have used the stadium whose architect was Populous ?
Count the number of religions followed by the alumini of Ananda College.
Which hockey team is head coached by Bill Peters?
Which team did Wilfred McDonalds and Cam Plante play for?
Name the Fox TV show judged by Rand Jackson ?
What are the television shows whose network's stockholder is Warner Bros. Television?
Name the city of Phil-Ellena ?
What is the total number of software whose programming language is C++ and operating system is Microsoft Windows?
how many companies are located in a spanish speaking region?
Which airlines fly to Gimhae International Airport?
What is the combatant of the Northwest Indian War and also the ethnic group of the Linda Hogan 
GetTV is owned by which organisation?
Name the islands that belong to the archipelago whose largest city is Papeete?
To which city does Northeast Library belong?
What was recorded by Live in Detroit, MI and also palce of birth of the Bodhin Kjolhede?
Whos a famous relative of anne spielberg?
In which team did Dave Bing and Ron Reed started their basketball career?
What are the airline hubs of Cascade Airways?
List the settlements area whose province is Metropolitan City of Venice ?
Who has manufactured vehicles designed originally by NASA?
Name the route end of the North-South Transport Corridor and Mumbai Vadodara Expressway?
Name the river whose mouth mountain is Southend-on-Sea and mouth place is Essex?
What is the life stance of the ethnic groups related to Micronesia ?
What is the order of the Henry Clay and profession of the William Luther Hill?
What genre's softwares are released with a GNU GPL license?
Who is the leader of Allgemeine SS ?
Which venue of indy PopCon is also the death palce of Louis Le Cocqq ?
Giorgos Kaminis is the mayor of what?
Is Christchurch the largest city of South Island?
Where is the headquarters of Metro Transit (Minnesota) ?
What show  has theme music composer as Ron Grainer and at the same time  related to Class (2016 TV series)?
Which venues are located at places governed by John Roberts?
Which fictional character portrayed in Terminator 2: Judgment Day is painted by Josh Friedman?
Where was the narrator of Spain on the Road Again born?
Does AMC Gremlin have the Volkswagen engine?
Where can one find some quick bread in the world?
Where did the scientist study whose doctoral thesis was supervised by Leonard Lerman?
Name the movie with narrator as Trevor Peacock and music composer  as Christophe Beck?
What rivers originate from Australian Alps?
What is the venue of San Diego Comic-Con International ?
Which professional fighter, who is also a politician and was elected to House of Representatives of the Philippines?
Which office holder owes its allegiance to a state whose capital town is Jamestown, Virginia?
Which kind of conventions are held in Rosemont, Illinois?
Under which president did the predecessor of Simon Ferro work?
Which governer of Winston Bryant is the president of Joseph Stiglitz ?
How many people have led agencies in German occupied Europe?
Where did the plays written by Robert Schenkkan take place?
Who appointed both John Drayton and William Clark to their respective offices?
Name  some ww1 veterans?
Which are the predecessor of Chevrolet Caprice?
Which operator of New Sanno Hotel is also the  governing body of the Oahu Railway and Land Company ?
Which predecessor of Alexander Downer was deputy to Neil Brown ?
Who wrote the album coming right before Dead Man's Chest's OST?
For how many cities's teams did David Bowens play?
Is Anne Hidalgo the mayor of Paris?
In which countries have models hanged themselves?
What is the series of the book which is a subsequent work of Blade Runner 2: The Edge of Human ?
What city gave birth to Mishal Raheja and also houses New India Assurance?
Which TV show whose theme is composed by someone signed up with ATO records?
Which models were featured in Playboy Playmates 1954?
What currencies have been prevalent in the country whose national anthem is La Marseillaise?
Where do the politicians, Blanche Bruce and John Franklin Miller work?
Is Latin the official language of Sovereign Military Order of Malta?
Name an American football player whose debuted in Chicago Bears and former team is 1998 Baltimore Ravens season?
Name a  river with source country as Zambia and source location as Ikelenge  District?
Does Ford own the Ford Kansas Assembly plant?
Which fields of the Paul Demiville is also the faith of Koay Teng Hai ?
What movies have been written by authors of Monty Python ?
Name the scientist whose academic advisor is Karl Ewald Hasse and supervisor is Georg Meissner?
Who was the cover artist of The Adventure of Tom Sawyer also wrote mark Twain Tonight ?
Georg Meissner was doctoral supervisor of which scientist ?
What nation is Hornito located in, where Jamie Bateman Cayn died too?
Which TV show had a judge named Harry Connick, Jr. and was presented by Ryan Seacrest?
River which flows into the eugene mahoney state park pass through which states?
Name the common home port of the Trishna (yacht) and INS Viraat (R22)?
Where do current famous NatGeo photographers live?
Which arena of WPC Dynamo Moscow is death location of Tigran Petrosian >
Name the resting place of Fazlur Rahman Khan ?
what cities are close by LoDaisKa ?
Which wars were fought when the commanders involved served under PM Choi Tu Son?
List all the schools of the rugby player whose went to school named Pietermaritzburg ?
Who is the meaning of Isa  ?
Who is  venerated in  Judaism and Islam?
Name the common editor of Easy Street (film) and Work (film)?
Name the office of Richard Coke ?