Is Peter Piper Pizza in the pizza industry?
Where did these popular aeroplanes - Focke Wulf 260 and Start+Flug H 101 originate?
Which sects people are part of local political parties which fall under the International Muslim Brotherhood?
For which games are Sam Loyd and Eric Schiller both famous?
What is the total number of other tenant of the stadia whose one of the tenant is Raptors 905?
Tell me the name of the Prime Time Entertainment Network's TV show whose Artist is Christopher Franke ?
Who was in the missions of Apollo 11 and Gemini 8?
Where can one find the Dzogchen Ponolop Rinpoche?
Which cport of Vishwajyot High School is also the genere of Battle chess 
Is William H Blanchard buried in Colorado?
How many other battles have the military person fought whose one of the battles is World War II ?
What is the route end of Birmingham and Oxford Junction Railway ?
How many people are there whose children died in Indiana?
Who is the stockholder of the road tunnels operated by the Massachusetts Department of Transportation?
What are the awards won by the film director of Saraband ?
Where did the Vitis Vinifera grapes originate?
is blue lagoon island a part of the bahamas achipelago?
Give the name of the  managers of England national under-20 football team and England national under-21 football team?
How many cities are around the sea in which the the fig tree bay meets?
What is the magazine which have been  founded by Ralph J. Gleason?
Name the movies distributed by RKO Pictures and has music composer as Bernard Herrmann?
To which places do the flights go by airlines headquartered in the UK?
Where are jockeys in Dubai World Cup from?
Did the New Way party merge in the One Israel party?
How many pole drivers have been there in grand prixes where first driver was Damon Hill?
Is Seattle the Ship builder of USS Marmora (IX-189)?
Is Tirana the largest city of Albania?
In which cities can the beverage related to Barq's be found?
Who was in military unit which played the role of Air interdiction?
Who are the current members of Insects vs Robots?
How many television shows have  Fox Broadcasting Company as their channel?
Count everyone who studied at an institute which are in Suburbs?
Whihc uni did Joshua A. Siegel attend ?
How many books are written by the author who is famous for Novelas Ejemplares?
Name the nationalteam of Trn Vit Hng ?
Name the rivers who originate from Essex?
What cities are nearer to Fuountain Lake Farm?
Who are the characters of Batman Live?
Is Ombla originate in Croatia?
where did Deion Sanders debut?
Which artists trained in San Francisco Art Institute?
Name the nearest city to David W. Brown House ?
to which university did both, the Stanford Cardinal and Gerald Reaven go?
Did Timm Gunn guest in Sunrise (HIMYM)?
what awards have been given to A. Peter Dewey?
Name the country with currency as Aureus ?
Muhammad Yunus has won how many awards?
How many shows belong to the network one of whose sister station is Cartoonite?
List the associates of bands which have a label by Motown ?
Which shows are from a company whose subsidiary is Viacom Productions?
What is the faith of Kwai Chang Caine ?
How many religions are followed by the group whose architectural style can be seen on Sanggar Agung?
How many things are written in C++?
Was Don't Bring Me Down recorded in West Germany?
Count the units garrisoned at Arlington County, Virginia.
Name the TV shows with network as NBC and company as Paramount Television ?
Who are the architect of the stadium whose one of the architect is louis D. Astorino ?
Who are the astronauts associated with NASA?
Is Henry David Thoreau interested in Politics?
Name the movies for which music was given by  Geoffrey Burgon and distributed by  Cinema International Corporation?
Who is the partner of Rob Patterson?
What are the hubs of PLUS Helicopter Services, a highway helicopter unit of PLUS Expressways?
How many politicians are there from the city of Ganges?
How many TV shows are similar to the ones belonging to fantasy genre?
Give me all commanders which had an important role in both, the Battle of Fort Stephenson and Battle of the Thames?
How many developers were involved in creating games whose score is composed by Gerard Marino?
Which sea is surrounded by Rostock and Kaliningrad?
Is semnani one of the languages spoken in Iran?
Does the Ontario International Airport serve the Inland Empire?
Which movies's screenplay is written by Akiva Goldsman
What is the television show whose executive producer is Douglas Netter?
How many ideologies do the political party of Boonchu Rojanastien hold?
In which city did The Ultimate Fighter: Team Rousey vs. Team Tate take place ?
What is the political party of the daughter of Jawaharlal Nehru ?
Who did Daniel Gibson marry?
What is the organisation whose purposes are Environmentalism and Peace?
Count the number of sports team members  which have player named Matt Williams ?
Where was Sino-French War fought ?
Which license provider of MSX basic is also the designer of Language Integrated Query ?
How many different people own the Timeform award winners?
Was John muir one of the first to ascend a mountain on Mt hoffmann?
Name the team which is owned by Dafenham wind turbines and stood first in 1967 mexican Grand Prix ?
Which education center Sidney Catlin Partrodge attended which was also the alma mater of Lisa Brummel ?
Name the sea into which Danish Straits flows and has Kaliningrad as one of the city on the shore ?
Which city is known for the people working in the western penn hospital?
How many subjects are covered in the publications of Doubleday?
Name the team manger of Middlebrough F.C season 2006-07 ?
Who is the owner of the bank which owns Bloomberg Radio?
Was John Boehner the winner of the US House of Representatives elections in Ohio in 2010?
Which governer of Winston bryant is also the president of Carl Stokes ?
Miluk and Cayuse are still spoken in which part of the world?
Is Hyundai Lavita assembled in Malaysia?
Which are the predecessors of the cars which are similar to the Oldsmobile 88?
How many things are made by companies who produce mass media articles?
List the ingredient of Blodpalt ?
Who composed the music for Tonight's the Night ?
List the served region of the organisations of Trade association.
Does Fa'a' International Airport serve tahiti too?
Is the Hyundai Lavita assembled in Ulsan?
Who is the owner of  Chelsea F.C. ?
Who is the producer of  Frampton's Camel ?
What is the political party of Arun Chandra Guha and Indira Gandhi?
For how many movies are there whose musicians home town is in Volos ?
In how many places has Don R. Berlin worked?
What are the notable commanders of the army  whose one of the notable commanders is Paul Hausser?
What is the alma mater of the scientist who is known for Rational analysis ?
Which party won the elections when Y.S. Rajasekhara Reddy was in power?
To which country is Svetlana Navasardyan from?
Which is the university of Vanderbilt Commodores ?
What currencies are used in the country whose capital is Podgorica?
Where was  William Anthony  trained ?
How many other home stadium are there of the soccer club whose home stadium is Luzhniki Stadium ?
What musicians are signed up with colpix records?
Give me everything owned by networks which is lead by Steve Burke?
Whose relatives are Clan McDuck and Huey, Dewey, and Louie?
What sports are played in schools where Swahili is the official language?
VP-8 and VP-10 shares which command structure ?
Who is the narrator of The Incredible Hulk , 1982 TV series ?
How many artists have their works in the Sao Paolo Museum of Art?
Give me the total number of membership of the organisations which have memebers as  Azerbaijan?
What is the content licence of MSX BASIC ?
who owns the ship Victoria?
Count all the ethinic group who speaks language which belongs to Anglo-Frisian language family ?
Which comic characters were created by Paul Dini?
Which city council owns the Ted Williams tunnel and Leonard Memorial ridge?
What is the purpose of New Zealand Chess Federation ?
In how many places are Marjas found?
How many TV shows are of the company which are of company which is a subsidiary of Big  Ticket Entertainment ?
How many bands collaborated with artists who signed up with EMI?
Give me a count of royalties buried in Rome ?
Which are the countires where Pioneer Corporation has flourished?
How many soccer manager have been in the Spain nation football team?
Is God Save the Queen the national anthem of United Kingdom?
List the soccer players whose current team has the ground Stoke-on-Trent.
Was christina crawford trained by Booker T?
What is the currency of Kerguelen Islands ?
List few Swedish language movies ?
In which city is the sister station of KTXY located ?
Who is the leader of Hackweiser ?
who all have been a manager of english under twenty one football team?
What is the relegious affiliations of Katyayana ?
Where was the successor of Hank Brown born?
Is morrissey in the smiths?
Whose theme music was composed by a band which collaborated with Phish?
which movies have been published by Cinema International Corporation?
Where did the beverages sold by Refriango originate?
Where are all the protected areas near Bend, Oregon?
What is the total number of other destinations of the airlines whose one of the destinations is Mediterranean Sea?
What is the radio show created by Timoteo Jeffries, about?
Was True Grit a novel of the western genre?
List the award which have been won by both Charles LeMaire and Nick Park ?
Count the movies in Swedish language?
Count the total number of academic discipline of the journals whose one of the academic discipline is Neuroimaging ?
What are some cities which have a Ferris wheel?
Count the number of families of the Animal kingdom.
Give me the total number of television shows whose theme music composer is Julian Gingell and created by  Simon Fuller?
Where was Special 26 recorded ?
Was Lucrezia Tornabuoni the mother of Lorenzo de' Medici?
To which uni. did  sidney c patridge and cyril hume both once went?
What is the political party of the person succeeded by A.K. Singh?
Who directed The Haunted House ?
How many movies music composers are associated with Demis Roussos ?
Who are the producers of the movies  which has music by Gary Chang ?
Count all the different purposes followed by the different NGOs.
To which nation did David Animle Hanses owe his allegiance?
What are the airlines whose hub airport is operated by the Los Angeles World Airports?
who are starring in the movies written by Mark Sandrich ?
What is the alma mater of the actors of The God Who Wasn't There ?
What is the birth name  of Putri Raemawasti ?
Count the tenants of MasterCard Centre?
What is the common ideology followed by Katyayana and Palang Dharma Party ?
Who is the head coach of the teams in Middlesbrough FC?
What is the number of occupation of the people who died in tampa bay, florida?
Who was the United States president who also served as a governor of Indiana Territory?
Musical artists who are associated with Ren & Angela were born where ?
Count the number of religions followed by BJP members.
Who designed the language integrated query?
Name the debut team of Dan Otero ?
Who started at the pole position in both 1997 canadian grand prix and the 94 spanish one?
Which company owns Sony bank ?
Who is the producer of album which has the song Money?
Does Dan River flow into the Jordan Valley?
How many albums did the maker of The Band produce?
Where Everybody knows you is the theme album of which show ?
What teams did the ex teamplayers of lighthouse boy club start their career with?
What acts and artists are associated with people who have worked with Divertis?
Was James maker in the band Noko?
List the companies operating in Australia?
Which child of Jack Ferguson became a Prime Minister?
Who is married to Gerard Piqu?
Members of how many political parties have died in Delhi?
What is the religious affiliation of Neungin High School?
Is Maria Sharapova the silver medalist of Tennis at the 2012 Summer Olympics  Women's singles?
Who is the owner of the South end ?
What are the nicknames given to the characters of The Wolves of the Mercy Falls?
What is the colour of Xocolatlite ?
What kind of games are made by Interplay Entertainment?
How many fictional characters are there in a series in which Craig Robinson acted?
For how many other teams have the members of Atlant Moscow Oblast played?
In which time zone is Pong Pha?
What honours did Reigh Count receive?
Which bacteria's taxonomic class is Bacilli?
List the battles fought by  Ali Habib Mahmud ?
What is the television show whose related with  Doctor Who Confidential?
In which city wasThe Triple Door (The Courage album)  performed live?
How many movies are distributed by Cinema International Corporation?
How many companies were started in the states?
Is Charles Drummond Ellis a doctoral student of James Chadwick?
Which nearest city of Jurgens Site is the death plce of Jimmie Heuga ?
To which educational institute does Cornell University Press belong to?
In which country's cuisine, ham is an important part?
List the softwares which runs on Microsoft Windows and has license as Software as a service?
Who all have been presenters on shows by the NBC?
Does the St lawrence river start in Kingston, Ontario?
List all the movies whose directors were born in Kenosha, Wisconsin?
Is Mike Babcock the head coach of Toronto Maple Leafs?
What are some software which are written in languages that are run on Unix like OS?
Give me the list of cars which are the predecessor of Full Sized Cars?
Philadelphia City Council is the governing body of which city?
Name the movie which has music composed by Elliot Goldenthal and screenplay by Akiva Goldsman ?
Under which presidents have politicians from the Continental army served?
Name the fictional character whose relative are Duck family and Clan McDuck?
Which state does Jerome B. Chaffee belong ?
Give me all magazines whose founder died in Berkeley, California?
Which technological products were manufactured by Foxconn?
Count the number of region of AN/FSQ-7 Combat Direction Central?
Was John Muir the first one to ascend one of the peaks in the cathedral peak?
Name  the Pole driver of 1994 Spanish Grand Prix ?
What is the parent company of the airline whose hub is in Detroit?
How many cars are similar to the ones assembled in the Jefferson North Assembly?
Is George Lucas the cinematographer of 6-18-67?
What are Jerry Bock's musicals based upon?
From how many different places have people gone to the Harward Medical School?
Whose predecessor had Jenny Macklin as a deputy ?
Was Tim Gunn a guest on The Broken Code?
What is the successor of PlayStation 4
Give me list of people who were the first to climb a peak in the Yosemite park?
What is the total number of professions in which someone who has suicided worked?
Count the number of characters in Batman Live?
Which destination of Emerald Air is also the city served by houston Fort Bend Airport ?
How many golf players are there in Arizona State Sun Devils ?
What is the location country of Teperberg 1870 ?
What are some team members of the team based in Camp Nou?
Who was the voice actor of allen walker also gave voice to kimihiro watanuki?
What is the stylistic origin of the music genres where the Bass guitar is important?
For which teams did Ryan Powell play for?
Name the club of Julie Hastings ?
Did Phillippe Cabot go to Columbia for studying?
From where does the river Upper Neretva start flowing?
By what style was Providence Chapel, Charlwood made?
For how many PMs did the politician work, whose successor was Kingsley Wood?
Total number of places where people drafted in the detroit pistons have died?
Was Morrissey a member of the Smiths?
List the newspapers whose offices are situated in 1211 Avenue of the Americas?
list some companies founded by Jim Harris.
Give me the total number of employer of the engineers whose one of the employer is McDonnell Aircraft ?
How many developers have games where I can hear Lightning McQueen?
How many record labels publish works of Jazz fusion?
List all the writers of the comics which has Robert Bernstein as one of the writer ?
What are the settlements whose neighboring municipalities is Lancy?
Count the PhD students whose thesis are supervised by National Medal of Science winners?
Count the total number of cast member of the television shows whose actress is Joey McIntyre?
List all the awards won by the artist who has won SIGGRAPH ?
Count the total number  of hometown of the gymnasts whose one of the hometown in Russia ?
Count the battles fought by Raoul Magrin-Vernerey?
What award was won by the father of Angelina Jolie?
Where was david Scherman trained ?
Which athlete was the flag bearer for Switzerland in 2004 and 2008 summer Olympics ?
Count all the stateless people
What are the software whose programming language are Multilingual?
Where did the war take place where one of the commander was Zuo Zongtang?
Was Marshall Arisman the cover artist in american psycho?
Who has fought in wars under commander Arthur St Clair?
In which place is the company which is known for Barbara bestor located ?
On which river are there things belonging to zambezi river authority?
What is the origin of the musical artist of A Todo Romantic Style ?
What novels are belong to the genre of Utopian and dystopian fiction?
Is Egyptian Arabic belong to the Central Semitic Languages family?
What is the alma mater of the scientists  known for  String theory?
How many apes are there?
Was Francisco Pizarro of the monarch of Charles 5, of the roman empire?
in which movies have momoki kochi acted
What is the base currency of the Benelux and is also used as money in Kerguelen Islands?
Name some basketball players who  have played for chicago bulls?
Name the appointer of William Clark ?
Count the key people of the Clinton Foundation?
Horses sired by Karinga Bay have participated in which races?
What was the career of some people who have committed suicide?
In how many places are the tombs of people who died in Connecticut Colony?
List the mammals whose taxonomy is Diprotodontia and phylum is Chordate?
Who are the producers of Marie Sisters?
Music of how many things has been given by Akira Ifukube?
List the successor of successor of Hayden, Stone & Co.
Count the number of battles fought by the military person involved in Morocco ?
How many important works have been done by Russel Davies?
What is the origin of Xynisteri?
Who won the silver medal when the bronze was won by Yang Yilin?
Who is the owner of Saumarez ?
What magazine companies are of form Limited liability company?
Who is the fictional character whose relative is Vestigial Peter?
Is Andrew Lincoln the narrator of Million Dollar Traders?
How many home stadium are there, of the soccer club seasons whose chairman is Merritt Paulson?
Name the alma mater of Ernest de Saisset ?
Who are currently playing for Barcelona FC?
Name few movies directed by Tim Burton ?
List the driver of SA MArino Grand Prix is also the Pole driver of Canadian Grand Proix ?
Where does John A Danaher III work?
Who is the owner of the FC which owns the Cobham Training Centre?
What awards have been won by the executive producer of Timmy Time ?
List the names of the soccer club seasons whose division is 2012 Campeonato Brasileiro Srie A.
What have some US citizens died of?
Name all the products produced by the producer of United States dollar ?
Who is the prime minister of Michael Jeffery who is also the minister of Williuam Deane ?
Which military unit garrison is Arlington County, Virginia and The Pentagon?
How many cities are around the sea into which the aegean sea flows?
What is the launch site of Aquarius (rocket) ?
Count the  total number of mammals whose phylum is Chordate and order (taxonomy) is Diprotodontia?
What is the programme format of WWTR ?
What are the players whose former teams are Carolina Panthers and Indianapolis Colts?
Is the Hyundai Lavita assembled in Kulim?
What is the total number of participant in conflict of SFOR?
Is Essex the Ceremonial County of West Tilbury?
What is the university to which Erica Frank went, and where Ivan Toplak was a club manager?
Ricky Gervais is the executive producer of the series having how many fictional characters?
Which borough is common for Duddeston and Bordesley railway station ?
How many movies have been directed by Orson Welles ?
Does Mauritius follow a parliamentary republic?
Which awards have been given to scientists that graduated from NKU athens?
What are the television shows whose starting music is composed by Ron Grainer?
Cable stayed bridges have been used to cross over how many things?
Is north caucasian emirate have an islamic government?
Did Jerry Rice study in Oktoc Mississippi?
Who are the scientists known for the Manhattan Project?
What are some dishes from the family of dishes which primarily use flour?
List some teams for which someone who has played as a defender, now plays?
What are the movies written by Nick Castle?
How many things are crossed over by bridges which can carry cars?
Which team won the American Football League?
Is Baker's Dozen Donuts in the coffee industry?
What is the commander of Battle of Brownstown ?
Is Henry Knox a commander of Continental Artillery Regiment?
Which are the  automobile platform whose one of the automobile platform is Dodge ?
Is Nikolai Morozov the former coach of Stanislav Morozov?
How many different songwriters have had their songs recorded in London?
List some pupils of National Science Medal winning scientists?
What is the total number of other combatant of the military conflicts whose combatant is Choctaw?
Where did the 2015 MLS All-Star Game take place?
Did Alexandre Tichonov study at the Moscow university?
Does Timothy Morton study Buddhism?
Brian Moriarty designed video games written by whom?
What automobile engine's successor is BMW M40
What company is the one which wrote the google web toolkit and PlayN?
Who fought in the battle at Tupelo Mississippi?
Count the writers whose work has been played in NY?
Does Chicago own the Monroe Station?
Count the number of musical work which were sold by Sony Music?
List all binomial authority of the insects whose one of the  binomial authority is douard Mntries?
What is the military unit whose command structures are United States Department of the Navy and United States Department of Defense?
Who is the military general buried in St Mary's Church, Battersea?
What are some other things developed by the company who made the remote desktop protocol?
List the guests of On Broadway ?
How many universities are there whose country's capital is Oslo?
How many religions are followed amongst the people who've worked in the Korean army?
Which executive producer of the ultimate merger is also an important person at Trump Productions?
In how many states can one find Burr Tuss kind of bridges?
What is the official name of Colorado wine ?
Did Bob Dylan write the lyrics of the times they are a changin'?
Name the movies directed by Stanley Kubrick and edited by Anthony Harvey?
Name the common university of the Cardinal and Jim Wylie?
Count everyone who lives in a place where Indian English is an official language ?
To whom was Tessa Dahl born to?
What is the country with native language as Languages of Ethiopia?
Give me some shows owned by BBC one and BBC hd?
List the  outflow of Lake Uniamsi?
How many teams have rented stadiums in Canada?
Where is the headquarters of Sigma TV
Who has been married to both Penny Lancaster and Alana Stewart?
Which company founded by Fusajiro Yamauchi also provides services of Nintendo eShop ?
Count the affiliations of International Union of Anarchists?
Tirana is the largest city of which country?
List the people residing in Wilton, Connecticut?
Count the water bodies that flow into the North Sea?
Who was the First Driver of 1999 San Marino Grand Prix ?
What is the alma mater of the scientist  whose PhD advisor is Jean-Claude Latombe ?
What is the launch site of the Juno I which was also the ground of 2016 Fort Lauderdale Strikers season ?
How many things are produced by companies located in Tehran?
Bantam Spectra is the publisher of which series?
Horses grandsired by Sundridge  have won which awards?
What cities are near to Nihoa which is also known as Bird Island ?
Who was on the first team in the GPs that were held at Watkins Glen, NY?
How many cities are close to Lake Victoria?
Is greasy pop recording the distributor of festival records?
Is Sloth in the Chordate phylum?
Name the movie whose screenplay is by Akiva Goldsman and directed by Joel Schumacher ?
What is the baseball team whose club manager's debut team is Houston Astros?
In how many different places have people beatified by Pope Pius X died?
What faiths are followed by the relatives of Meadow Soprano?
What is the nationality of Aishath Saffa ?
who was the president under whom winston bryant served as a lieutenant?
What are the bands associated with the artists of My Favorite Girl  ?
Is Albert P Clark buried in Colorado?
Count the number of religions followed by the alumini of Ananda College.
Which teams have used the stadium whose architect was Populous ?
how many companies are located in a spanish speaking region?
From how many different institutes have the members of Judge Advocate General's Corps graduated?
What is the life stance of the ethnic groups related to Micronesia ?
Who is the leader of Allgemeine SS ?
Where is the headquarters of Metro Transit (Minnesota) ?
Give me the count of all the names of characters created by Frank Miller
Is Christchurch the largest city of South Island?
Where was the narrator of Spain on the Road Again born?
Name the river whose mouth mountain is Southend-on-Sea and mouth place is Essex?
What genre's softwares are released with a GNU GPL license?
What is the sea whose cities are Gdask and Oulu?
Which kind of conventions are held in Rosemont, Illinois?
List the comic characters created by Joe Shuster ?
Which governer of Winston Bryant is the president of Joseph Stiglitz ?
Does AMC Gremlin have the Volkswagen engine?
What city is located on the mouth of Duwamish River?
Under which president did the predecessor of Simon Ferro work?
Which are the predecessor of Chevrolet Caprice?
For how many cities's teams did David Bowens play?
Where did the plays written by Robert Schenkkan take place?
How many people have led agencies in German occupied Europe?
Does Ford own the Ford Kansas Assembly plant?
What currencies have been prevalent in the country whose national anthem is La Marseillaise?
Is Anne Hidalgo the mayor of Paris?
Which team did Wilfred McDonalds and Cam Plante play for?
What movies have been written by authors of Monty Python ?
Name the institute of Alton Ochsner ?
Where can one find some quick bread in the world?
Name books with publisher as Francisco de Robles and writer as Miguel de Cervantes ?
does the US navy have the structure of command of us department of defence?
What nation is Hornito located in, where Jamie Bateman Cayn died too?
Name the resting place of Fazlur Rahman Khan ?
Name the scientist whose academic advisor is Karl Ewald Hasse and supervisor is Georg Meissner?
Did Stanlee write the Tales of Suspense?
Georg Meissner was doctoral supervisor of which scientist ?
Who owns the schools which have a penguin as its mascot?
Name  some ww1 veterans?
Who is the meaning of Isa  ?
Name the office of Richard Coke ?
Who is  venerated in  Judaism and Islam?
Count the number teams which have  former ice hockey players which also included American Hockey League ?
List all the schools of the rugby player whose went to school named Pietermaritzburg ?